index.md, before:

# Welcome to the [Stan](https://mc-stan.org/) Ecology Page

Welcome! The Stan ecology page is meant to serve as a centralized location for all types of work in ecology that use the software [Stan](https://mc-stan.org/) for Bayesian inference. As a community, we can share our work with each other and learn from each other as well! Anyone can contribute helpful resources, papers, posters or anything else ecology-related that makes use of Stan, regardless of the level, through the [Stan ecology GitHub page](https://github.com/StanEcology/stanecology.github.io). 

To ask Stan-related questions, please go to [https://discourse.mc-stan.org/](https://discourse.mc-stan.org/). 

## Upcoming Events

- [With great power comes great responsibility: Stan for modern ecological modelling](http://www.isec2020.org/training-program#ShortCourses) (Sydney, Australia -- June 21, 2020)
- [StanCon 2020](https://mc-stan.org/events/stancon2020/) (Oregon, USA -- August 11-14, 2020)

## Online Resources and Books with an Ecology Focus

For a list of case studies, tutorials and books with an ecological focus that use Stan, see [Resources](resources_and_books.md).

## Papers 

For a list of papers that use Stan, see [Papers](papers.md).

Commit message:

adding info about the ecology tag

index.md, after:

# Welcome to the [Stan](https://mc-stan.org/) Ecology Page

Welcome! The Stan ecology page is meant to serve as a centralized location for all types of work in ecology that use the software [Stan](https://mc-stan.org/) for Bayesian inference. As a community, we can share our work with each other and learn from each other as well! Anyone can contribute helpful resources, papers, posters or anything else ecology-related that makes use of Stan, regardless of the level, through the [Stan ecology GitHub page](https://github.com/StanEcology/stanecology.github.io). 

To ask Stan-related questions, please go to [https://discourse.mc-stan.org/](https://discourse.mc-stan.org/). More specifically, we can all use the `Ecology` tag to ensure that the posts are seen by anyone interested in general ecological problems as well. See [https://discourse.mc-stan.org/tag/ecology](https://discourse.mc-stan.org/tag/ecology). 

## Upcoming Events

- [With great power comes great responsibility: Stan for modern ecological modelling](http://www.isec2020.org/training-program#ShortCourses) (Sydney, Australia -- June 21, 2020)
- [StanCon 2020](https://mc-stan.org/events/stancon2020/) (Oregon, USA -- August 11-14, 2020)

## Online Resources and Books with an Ecology Focus

For a list of case studies, tutorials and books with an ecological focus that use Stan, see [Resources](resources_and_books.md).

## Papers 

For a list of papers that use Stan, see [Papers](papers.md).
