resources_and_books.md, before:

## Books 

Stan translation by Hiroki Itô of [_Bayesian Population Analysis using WinBUGS_](https://github.com/stan-dev/example-models/tree/master/BPA) 

[Bayesian Data Analysis in Ecology Using Linear Models with R, BUGS, and Stan](https://www.sciencedirect.com/book/9780128013700/bayesian-data-analysis-in-ecology-using-linear-models-with-r-bugs-and-stan)

## Online Resources + Case Studies

### Introduction to Stan

- [Fitting Bayesian models using Stan and R:  An introduction to fitting Bayesian models using Stan and R]( https://www.weirdfishes.blog/blog/fitting-bayesian-models-with-stan-and-r/)
- [A practical introduction to Stan](https://github.com/DanOvando/learn-stan)

### Other

- [Exact sparse Conditionally Autoregressive models in Stan](https://mc-stan.org/users/documentation/case-studies/mbjoseph-CARStan.html)
- [Applied time series analysis in R with Stan. Allows fast Bayesian fitting of multivariate time-series models.](
https://nwfsc-timeseries.github.io/atsar/)
- [Bayesian spatial filtering](https://connordonegan.github.io/2020/01/09/rhs-esf)
- [Case study: hierarchical model for cherry flowering (In French)](https://stateofther.github.io/post/rstan/WorkingWithStan_part2.html)
- [A step-by-step guide to marginalizing over discrete parameters for ecologists using Stan](https://mbjoseph.github.io/posts/2020-04-28-a-step-by-step-guide-to-marginalizing-over-discrete-parameters-for-ecologists-using-stan/)
- hidden Markov models for animal movement: [Discussion and code comparing moveHMM and Stan](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!searchin/stan-users/animal$20movement%7Csort:date/stan-users/72BEgxLIZjo/95037NfXAgAJ) and [another here](https://arxiv.org/abs/1806.10639)  
- hidden Markov model R package [BayesHMM](https://luisdamiano.github.io/BayesHMM/articles/introduction.html#introduction) 
- [Predator-Prey Population Dynamics: the Lotka-Volterra model in Stan](https://mc-stan.org/users/documentation/case-studies/lotka-volterra-predator-prey.html)
- [Multiple Species-Site Occupancy Model](https://mc-stan.org/users/documentation/case-studies/dorazio-royle-occupancy.html)
- [Fitting the Cormack-Jolly-Seber (CJS) model](https://mc-stan.org/docs/2_22/stan-users-guide/latent-discrete-chapter.html)
- [Fitting a Generalized Bayesian Factor Model with Stan](https://rive-numeri-lab.github.io/2018/09/04/GBFM.html)
- [Dirichlet regression and the 2018 Quebec Elections (with brms)](https://rive-numeri-lab.github.io/2019/10/30/DirichletElections.html)
- [_Series of blog posts on_: Selecting covariates in multiple regression](http://darwin.eeb.uconn.edu/uncommon-ground/variable-selection-in-multiple-regression/)

Commit message:

Add link to spatial capture-recapture repo

resources_and_books.md, after:

## Books

Stan translation by Hiroki Itô of [_Bayesian Population Analysis using WinBUGS_](https://github.com/stan-dev/example-models/tree/master/BPA)

[Bayesian Data Analysis in Ecology Using Linear Models with R, BUGS, and Stan](https://www.sciencedirect.com/book/9780128013700/bayesian-data-analysis-in-ecology-using-linear-models-with-r-bugs-and-stan)

## Online Resources + Case Studies

### Introduction to Stan

- [Fitting Bayesian models using Stan and R:  An introduction to fitting Bayesian models using Stan and R]( https://www.weirdfishes.blog/blog/fitting-bayesian-models-with-stan-and-r/)
- [A practical introduction to Stan](https://github.com/DanOvando/learn-stan)

### Other

- [Exact sparse Conditionally Autoregressive models in Stan](https://mc-stan.org/users/documentation/case-studies/mbjoseph-CARStan.html)
- [Applied time series analysis in R with Stan. Allows fast Bayesian fitting of multivariate time-series models.](
https://nwfsc-timeseries.github.io/atsar/)
- [Bayesian spatial filtering](https://connordonegan.github.io/2020/01/09/rhs-esf)
- [Case study: hierarchical model for cherry flowering (In French)](https://stateofther.github.io/post/rstan/WorkingWithStan_part2.html)
- [A step-by-step guide to marginalizing over discrete parameters for ecologists using Stan](https://mbjoseph.github.io/posts/2020-04-28-a-step-by-step-guide-to-marginalizing-over-discrete-parameters-for-ecologists-using-stan/)
- hidden Markov models for animal movement: [Discussion and code comparing moveHMM and Stan](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!searchin/stan-users/animal$20movement%7Csort:date/stan-users/72BEgxLIZjo/95037NfXAgAJ) and [another here](https://arxiv.org/abs/1806.10639)  
- hidden Markov model R package [BayesHMM](https://luisdamiano.github.io/BayesHMM/articles/introduction.html#introduction)
- [Predator-Prey Population Dynamics: the Lotka-Volterra model in Stan](https://mc-stan.org/users/documentation/case-studies/lotka-volterra-predator-prey.html)
- [Multiple Species-Site Occupancy Model](https://mc-stan.org/users/documentation/case-studies/dorazio-royle-occupancy.html)
- [Fitting the Cormack-Jolly-Seber (CJS) model](https://mc-stan.org/docs/2_22/stan-users-guide/latent-discrete-chapter.html)
- [Fitting a Generalized Bayesian Factor Model with Stan](https://rive-numeri-lab.github.io/2018/09/04/GBFM.html)
- [Dirichlet regression and the 2018 Quebec Elections (with brms)](https://rive-numeri-lab.github.io/2019/10/30/DirichletElections.html)
- [_Series of blog posts on_: Selecting covariates in multiple regression](http://darwin.eeb.uconn.edu/uncommon-ground/variable-selection-in-multiple-regression/)
- [Spatial capture-recapture models in Stan](https://github.com/mbjoseph/scr-stan)
